Dart Installation
What is the first step for installing Dart on a Windows machine?

B) Download the Dart SDK
Explanation: The first step is to download the Dart SDK from the official Dart website. Installation typically involves extracting the SDK and configuring the environment.
Which command verifies the Dart installation on macOS?

D) dart --version
Explanation: The dart --version command displays the version of Dart installed, verifying that the installation was successful.
Flutter Installation
What is the next step after downloading and extracting the Flutter SDK on Linux?
B) Update your PATH
Explanation: After extracting the Flutter SDK, you need to update your PATH environment variable to include the Flutter binary location. This allows you to run Flutter commands from any terminal session.
Python Installation
What is the first step to install Python on a Windows system?

B) Download Python from the official website
Explanation: The first step is to download the Python installer from the official Python website. Running the installer is the next step in the installation process.
Which option should you ensure is checked during Python installation on Windows?

C) Add Python to PATH
Explanation: Adding Python to PATH ensures that Python and pip commands can be run from any command prompt or terminal window.
How do you verify Python installation on any system?

A) By running python --version
Explanation: Running python --version in the terminal or command prompt confirms that Python is installed and displays its version.
What command is used to install pip on macOS and Linux?

C) curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
Explanation: This command downloads the get-pip.py script, which can be executed to install pip.
What is the purpose of a virtual environment in Python?

C) To separate project dependencies and avoid conflicts
Explanation: A virtual environment isolates project dependencies, avoiding conflicts between different projects and managing package versions separately.
MySQL Installation
What is the first step to install MySQL on Windows?

B) Download MySQL Installer from the official website
Explanation: You should start by downloading the MySQL Installer from the official MySQL website. The installer simplifies the installation process.
What setup type should you choose for a custom MySQL installation?

D) Custom
Explanation: Choosing the Custom setup type allows you to select specific components and configure the installation according to your needs.
Which products should you select during the MySQL installation?

A) MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell
Explanation: Selecting these products provides a complete MySQL setup, including the server, a graphical interface for database management (Workbench), and a command-line tool (Shell).
What is the purpose of setting a root password during MySQL installation?

B) To secure your MySQL installation with a super-secret password
Explanation: The root password is used to secure the MySQL server and restrict access to authorized users.
How do you begin managing your database after installing MySQL?

B) Launch MySQL Workbench and connect to your MySQL Server
Explanation: After installation, you can use MySQL Workbench to manage databases, run queries, and perform administrative tasks.